Sitting around the fire beneath the million stars
Letting go of the cares of the day we share
The reflections of our heart
It's so nice to make the time to think of all the good
Daily gifts from above, how God shows us His love
Feel us with gratitude
We're just taking a moment to change our focus
Slowing down to a cup and reflect on the simple things that joy
It brings to slow down to take a deep breath
Poise and reset
As the moon shines through the forest
This of the night, our spirits are lifted
If I have a good gift of that
It comes from our father up high
As we see the big picture
On the trials we face
You and I can't endure as our hearts are yours
The whole was born and brave
We're just taking joy
Slowing on the sands to slow down
To take a deep breath and reset